docs: add keptn certificate manager infos (#652)
keptn/lifecycle-toolkit: klt-cert-manager/README.md

# klt-cert-manager

> // TODO(user): Add simple overview of use/purpose

Reviewer: Let's remove the TODOs here 😜

# klt-cert-manager

> The keptn certmanager ensures that the webhooks in the Lifecycle Toolkit operator can obtain a valid certificate to access the kubernetes api server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Keptn certmanager ensures that the webhooks in the Lifecycle Toolkit operator can obtain a valid certificate to access the Kubernetes api server.
```

> The Keptn certmanager ensures that the webhooks in the Lifecycle Toolkit operator can obtain a valid certificate to access the Kubernetes api server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Keptn certificate manager ensures that the webhooks in the Lifecycle Toolkit operator can obtain a valid certificate to access the Kubernetes API server.
```

> The keptn certmanager makes sure that the webhooks in the Lifecycle Toolkit operator can obtain a valid certificate to access the kubernetes api server.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The keptn certmanager ensures that the webhooks in the Lifecycle Toolkit operator can obtain a valid certificate to access the kubernetes api server.
```

## Description

> This `klt-cert-manager` operator should only be installed when paired with the Lifecicle Toolkit operator. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This `klt-cert-manager` operator should only be installed when paired with the Lifecycle Toolkit operator. 
```

> This klt-cert-manager operator is intended to be installed solely paired with the Lifecicle Toolkit operator. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This `klt-cert-manager` operator should only be installed when paired with the Lifecicle Toolkit operator. 
```
